one strike after another this is
Israel's war on Hezbollah the Army says
it is hitting the armed groups military
infrastructure in southern Lebanon
Israel wants hbot to pull back from the
border and is threatening a wider
conflict to force that withdrawal in
order to enable citizens displaced by
cross bber fire to return safely to the
north of the country the message was
delivered to authorities in Beirut by
France one of a number of Western
Nations putting forward proposals to
escalate tensions while simultaneously
trying to bring about a ceasefire in
Gaza media in Israel and Lebanon say the
plans call for the Lebanese Army to play
a bigger role in the area and for
negotiations on disputed points along
the land border but in the first phase
Hezbollah would pull back at least 7 km
from the border that's the range of
anti-tank
missiles they may be willing to consider
a partial withdrawal from
Southern Lebanon from the area south of
the
Lani T Mitri was involved in
negotiations that led to UN resolution
1701 which ended the previous war
between Israel and Hezbollah in 2006 he
believes the armed group would be open
to a deal but not before a ceasefire in
Gaza I don't think they would they would
also object to a more active role for
the Lebanese Armed Forces in in in the
South the proposals on the table
reportedly involve a partial
implementation of resolution
1701 which calls for disarming non-state
actors within 20 to 30 km from the
border it's a resolution that Israel too
has been accused of violating because of
territorial
breaches since 2006 this border was
relatively calm until Hezbollah opened
this front to help relieve pressure on
its Ally Hamas in Gaza in October and
hezbollah's position hasn't changed stop
the war on Gaza and it will stop attacks
on Israeli military Targets in the north
but Israel is insisting on changing the
security situation along the
border asbah says there can't be any
discussions while the war on Gaza is
ongoing so a deal may not be eminent
instead what is possible is more intense
exchanges of fire as the Waring sides
seek better negotiating positions all
the while is appears to be using this
time to Target hezbollah's military
officials and Destroy its capabilities
close to the Border Zak Al jaaz Southern
Lebanon make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer